5531550228324592939.mp4
Kat persuades Stacey and Jean to come to R&R with her and Kim, leaving Charlie and Alfie to look after Lily. Lily won’t settle so Pat takes her for a walk. Janine accuses Ryan of wanting to go to R&R because he knew Stacey would be there. Ryan denies it and leaves, Janine stays in the club. Billy then unsuccessfully propositions Jean. Ricky takes Carol home, Bianca storms to R&R to confront Billy. When Bianca backs off, Billy says she’s just like all the other ‘scrubbers’ there. Billy then turns on Stacey, who hits him. Janine pulls out a chunk of Stacey’s hair. Kim, Kat, Stacey, Pat and Janine are shut in a cell together. Stacey’s worried about Lily, and Pat admits she’s with Ryan, not Charlie. Stacey asks the police officer to phone Ryan. When Janine taunts Stacey, Stacey blurts out ‘I’ve never been engaged to a dirty old rapist’. Janine doesn’t believe it. Stacey quickly backtracks, then becomes distressed and when Pat gently asks if Archie raped her, she nods. Pat and Janine discuss Ryan, Stacey’s lies awake, listening. Ryan finds a note on Lily – ‘you can’. Ryan remains adamant that he wants to be a father to Lily, much to Janine’s displeasure. Ryan grows frustrated when his attempts to see Lily are thwarted by the Slaters. Feeling for Ryan, Janine decides to intervene. Having researched the official channels for Ryan to gain access to Lily, Janine presents her findings to a dismayed Stacey. With Ryan unwilling to back down, Stacey relents that he can be involved, provided he pays child maintenance. Ryan sets about finding another job in order to raise the maintenance funds. Having sought work at the Arches, Ryan returns to Stacey to visit Lily. Having witnessed Ryan and Stacey together with their daughter, Kat is convinced that Stacey fancies Ryan and that they should make a family. Stacey’s dismissive; she doesn’t want to wreck another marriage, but Kat deviously assures her that she’ll take care of it. Stacey agrees to let Ryan look after Lily, but is adamant she doesn’t want Janine involved. Janine attempts to play the role of adoring stepmother, but finds it a struggle to keep up the pretence. Ryan’s forced to leave Lily with Janine when he visits Phil for a job. Ryan manages to impress Phil by offering his skills in the car-nicking business. Discovering that Lily was left with Janine, a furious Stacey lambasts Ryan, but finds herself disarmed when he shows the effort he’s making to be responsible and provide

5534228999422914578.mp4
He’s got hard evidence of her misdemeanour, and knows that she has no proof of his. When he threatens to turn Jodie on her, Vanessa snaps and reveals that Jodie isn’t his daughter. When Greg announces that the Vic’s nearly finished, Alfie and Kat plan a grand opening night. Kat, Alfie and Stacey get excited about the Vic’s opening - they’ve cleared a big profit already. It’s Janine’s birthday and Ryan’s planned a day of treats, but the Slater girls have other ideas. Stacey tells Ryan she’s going to change Lily’s birth certificate - if he’s serious about his daughter, he’ll come. Ryan makes excuses to Janine and enjoys his day out with Stacey and Lily. When Kat tells her where Ryan is, Janine’s furious and tells Pat she plans to take Ryan away from Walford. Pat says that Ryan won’t go anywhere with his baby still on the scene. When Ryan turns up with a present, Janine plays dumb and Pat and Ryan are suspicious when she announces that she wants to go to the Slaters’ party. Once there, Janine lets Stacey think that she’s got one up on her and sneaks upstairs into Lily’s room. Janine sneaks out of the Slaters’ party unnoticed with baby Lily. When Pat refuses to lend her any money, Janine steals her purse and Ricky’s car keys before packing for a long trip. Stacey gets Ryan alone and they start having a water-fight. Janine catches them and orders a sheepish Ryan into the car - they’re going away for her birthday. When Ryan realises too late that Lily’s in the car, Janine reveals that she wants them to start again in France, away from Stacey. Ryan begs Janine to turn back, insisting that her jealousy is unfounded but Janine confronts him about his secret day out, insisting he’s in love with Stacey. When she stops the car on some train tracks, they look like they might be in serious trouble. When Max asks Lauren to make Jodie and Vanessa feel welcome she tells him to stop trying to force their family’s happiness by protecting her

5539381671692122744.mp4
Max gives Stacey a birthday present. Max tells Lauren he promised to look after Stacey after Bradley’s death. Kat and Stacey have a combined hen / birthday party, but the focus is firmly on Kat. He ineptly flirts with Stacey, then upsets her, saying it would be weird to go out with a widow. Kat sulks in the bar until Stacey talks some sense into her. Stacey realises Julie’s wearing her shoes. At the wedding reception, Max and Vanessa dance and Stacey cuts in. Lauren accuses Stacey of throwing herself at Max. Stacey tries to reassure Lauren, they’re just friends, Max promised to look out for her. Lauren tells Max she’s worked it out – his precious Stacey is Archie’s killer

5542003749222140011.mp4
Max swears on Lauren’s life that Stacey didn’t kill Archie. Lauren confronts Stacey. Afterwards, Stacey runs straight to Max and Lauren’s conviction of her guilt strengthens. Seeing Lauren walk into the Vic, Stacey escapes to the toilets, Lauren follows and barricades them both inside. Lauren accuses Stacey of not just killing Archie, but as good as pushing Bradley off the roof. Furious, Stacey tells Lauren never to question how much she loved Bradley. Lauren retorts, if Stacey loved him so much, clear his name. Stacey admits she killed Archie. Later, Lauren listens to a voice memo on her phone – she’s recorded Stacey’s confession. Ryan tells Janine he’s doing a job for Phil. Lauren tells Max that Stacey confessed to her. Stacey begs Lauren not to tell anyone. Lauren calls Stacey vile and twisted. Stacey convinces Lauren that she isn’t – describing in detail how Archie raped her. Stacey insists by protecting her, Max is just trying to do the right thing by Bradley. Max agrees to take Stacey to the clinic for Lily’s injections, lying to Lauren that he has to see a client. Seeing them together and wondering if everything, even the rape, was a lie, Lauren plays Max the recording of Stacey’s confession. She tells him to get rid of Stacey forever or she’s taking the recording to the police. Ryan won’t give Janine any details about the job he’s doing for Phil. He hands Phil some car keys and is given cash in return, with the promise of more when he’s finished the list. Abi tells Vanessa Max and Lauren are probably arguing about Stacey. Stacey sends Max a text ‘call me’, Lauren reads it. Vanessa tells Stacey things between her and Max stop now. Stacey finds Max, but with Lauren’s nearby Max turns on Stacey, telling her to get out of his life. Scared, Stacey finds Ryan in the Vic and makes him kiss Lily. Later, Jean, Max and Ryan discover that Stacey and Lily have disappeared

5544574287152993687.mp4
Zainab quizzes Afia and is thrilled when Afia says her father’s a surgeon. Lauren’s still in a foul mood. Bianca blames Connor’s influence. Alfie is holding a Charity Auction in the Vic tonight. Kat auctions off Ryan. Janine jealously outbids everyone. Ryan confronts Kat, he knows she’s going to see Stacey. Kat says he should either ditch Janine or let Stacey go. When Ryan admits he cares for Stacey too, Kat agrees to take him to her after the Auction. Janine suspects Kat and Ryan are going to see Stacey, and shuts Ryan in the fridge behind the bar. Janine tells Kat that Ryan has already left. Pat comes to see Janine, and Janine admits to Pat she has locked Ryan in the fridge. Pat is shocked and tells her to let him out. Kat auctions off Alfie for a whole day to the Market traders, and leaves to see Stacey, watched by Janine. Now sure that he won’t go with Kat, Janine lets a freezing Ryan out of the fridge. Ryan admits to Janine he was going to see Stacey last night, but after being shut in the fridge, he’s reconsidered his priorities. All Ryan wants is Janine. Pat lets it slip to Ryan that Janine locked him in the fridge deliberately. Glenda visits Phil in the Arches, anytime he wants a repeat of last night he just has to call

5544620672795594434.mp4
Zainab quizzes Afia and is thrilled when Afia says her father’s a surgeon. Lauren’s still in a foul mood. Bianca blames Connor’s influence. Alfie is holding a Charity Auction in the Vic tonight. Kat auctions off Ryan. Janine jealously outbids everyone. Ryan confronts Kat, he knows she’s going to see Stacey. Kat says he should either ditch Janine or let Stacey go. When Ryan admits he cares for Stacey too, Kat agrees to take him to her after the Auction. Janine suspects Kat and Ryan are going to see Stacey, and shuts Ryan in the fridge behind the bar. Janine tells Kat that Ryan has already left. Pat comes to see Janine, and Janine admits to Pat she has locked Ryan in the fridge. Pat is shocked and tells her to let him out. Kat auctions off Alfie for a whole day to the Market traders, and leaves to see Stacey, watched by Janine. Now sure that he won’t go with Kat, Janine lets a freezing Ryan out of the fridge. Ryan admits to Janine he was going to see Stacey last night, but after being shut in the fridge, he’s reconsidered his priorities. All Ryan wants is Janine. Pat lets it slip to Ryan that Janine locked him in the fridge deliberately. Glenda visits Phil in the Arches, anytime he wants a repeat of last night he just has to call

5547193787702629969.mp4
Kat retrieves Stacey and Lily’s passports from the Slaters’. Ryan insists Kat take him to Stacey’s hotel. Stacey seems terrified when Kat claims she hasn’t got the passports, but won’t tell Kat who she’s running away from. Ryan bursts into the room. Kat suggests they come back tomorrow, but then slips Stacey the passports. Back in the Square a casual remark from Kat convinces Ryan that Stacey’s planning to leave. He returns to the hotel in Dot’s car, and stops Stacey from getting in a cab, insisting he’ll drive her to the airport. Instead, he drives them to an empty quarry. Ryan insists he doesn’t want Janine and kisses Stacey passionately, she reciprocates and as things become more heated, Ryan lifts her onto the bonnet of Dot’s car. Tamwar’s still heartbroken; Zainab thinks the Argee Bhajee would be a good thing for him to focus on. When Ryan and Kat unexpectedly walk past, Masood and Jane kiss in an attempt to conceal themselves. Post-coital, Stacey and Ryan lie on the bonnet of Dot’s car. Ryan’s shocked when Stacey announces she’s still getting on her flight. He refuses to drive her to the airport and can’t believe she’s going to let whoever she’s running away from win. Ryan returns home and confronts Janine about the fridge. His anger soon turns to passion and the couple end up in bed, with Ryan assuring Janine they’ll never hear from Stacey again. Stacey returns to the square and confronts Lauren. When Stacey walks into the Vic, Jean’s thrilled and Ryan and Janine are shocked. When Kat asks if everything’s sorted, Stacey nods. Dot’s over the moon when Heather asks her to babysit George and spends all day constructing a toy train and preparing a special tea; she’s devastated when Heather changes her mind. Syed returns from Leeds, he’s passed the first stage of his massage course. Jane finds the hotel key card in her pocket and leaves it on the bar, Syed picks it up. Syed’s suspicious, especially after Dot mentions she saw Masood and Jane drive off together. Zainab’s surprised when Masood agrees to the purchase of the Argee Bhajee. Masood lies to Zainab when she asks where he’s been all day. Stacey tells Ryan she didn’t want to leave any unfinished business in Walford. The pair flirt with one another, Ryan kisses Stacey but she’s unimpressed when he drops her as soon as Julie walks in. Stacey gives Ryan an ultimatum: leave Janine, or leave her alone. When she doesn’t get the job, Ryan comforts her. Stacey’s in high spirits at the prospect of being with Ryan, but becomes more subdued after talking to Dot and Charlie about Bradley. In the barrel store, Stacey tells Ryan she’s changed her mind, she just wants them to have an affair. Kat walks in and finds Ryan seemingly alone. After Kat leaves, Stacey stands up, naked. Stacey and Ryan kiss

5549784941472309008.mp4
Janine makes a bet with Ryan over who can steal the best Christmas present. Stacey’s earring is found in the barrel store, Kat knows she was in there with Ryan. Kat sends Ryan to the Slaters’ to see Stacey, who’s preparing for a social worker visit. Ryan plays the perfect dad for the social worker, and Stacey and Ryan bond over Lily. Janine goes to the Vic to find Ryan. Alfie tells her Ryan went to the Slaters’ earlier. Janine is suspicious and steals Kat’s keys from behind the bar. Ryan and Stacey put Lily to bed in Stacey’s room. Kat realises Janine knows where Ryan is and rings Stacey to warn her, but there’s no answer. Janine lets herself into the Slaters’ and climbs the stairs to Stacey’s bedroom. Phil sends Jay to find Ryan, he needs him to do another jewellery deal with Connor. Jay can’t find Ryan and goes to meet Connor alone. Janine bursts into Stacey’s room. Stacey’s alone. Janine demands to know where Ryan is. Stacey throws her out. Ryan emerges from underneath Lily’s cot. Janine waits outside the Slaters’ and tells Pat that Ryan is cheating on her. Pat marches Janine off for a chat, Ryan wouldn’t cheat on her. Later, Janine confronts Ryan, she knows he was at the Slaters’. Ryan tells her he was stealing a Christmas present for their bet. He gives Janine a present, only to discover it’s Lily’s. Ryan steals Kat’s keys and returns Lily’s present. Later at the Vic, Janine and Stacey dress in identical Sexy Santa outfits for Alfie’s ‘Countdown to Christmas’. Outside, Pat sees Ryan kissing a Sexy Santa through the window. When Janine comes outside to collect glasses, Pat realises Ryan is kissing Stacey. Pat is preoccupied and wonders what to do, should she tell Janine what she saw? She receives a call from Simon, who invites her to New Zealand for Christmas. Stacey and Ryan plan to go away for the weekend together. Janine forces Pat into shopping for a Christmas tree as a surprise for Ryan. In the Launderette, Stacey tells Kat she is going away for the weekend. Dot overhears and later mentions to Pat that Stacey is having a weekend away. Janine happily decorates the tree she has bought to make their first Christmas together perfect. Ryan tells Whitney he is having an affair with Stacey. Whitney is shocked that he’s throwing everything away. Ryan lies to Janine that he has to go away for the weekend for work. Janine tells Pat, who realises he is going away with Stacey. Pat tells Janine that she saw Ryan kissing Stacey, she won’t see Janine made a fool of. Janine is devastated and initially cries on Pat’s shoulder, but then she hardens, she won’t cry any more tears over Ryan. She’s going to kill him. It’s Peter’s birthday and Jane is planning a party for him. Janine vows to stop Ryan and Stacey going away together. Pat is worried but Janine insists, Ryan and Stacey will pay for this. Pat tells her she hasn’t helped matters by driving Ryan away. Janine is outraged, she isn’t the guilty party in all this. Pat makes her swear that she’s not going to do anything stupid. Janine pushes Pat away and destroys the tree she decorated for Ryan. Pat decides not to go to New Zealand, people need her here. Stacey asks Jean to look after Lily for the weekend. Kat tells Ryan that she knows about the affair and if he hurts Stacey, he’ll have Kat to answer to. Janine receives a bag of pills from a stranger in the market. Back at the flat, she crushes them to a powder. Ryan comes home to find Janine has cooked dinner. She gives him a glass of wine and watches while he drinks with a grim smile on her face. Syed is awkward with Jane after what happened with Masood. Christian wants him to make an effort

5552368364300855101.mp4
Jay can’t decide whether to go through with changing his name to ‘Mitchell’ – after all, Phil doesn’t trust him with the same jobs he gives Ryan and Connor. Janine tells Stacey Ryan’s away doing a job for Phil, then tells Pat that they spent all weekend talking, Ryan still loves her, but has gone away to sort his head out. Hearing groaning, she breaks the door down and finds Ryan. She claims Ryan has the flu. Janine gives Ryan more crushed drugs. Stacey reads a text, apparently sent by Ryan, telling her he’s staying with Janine. Janine advises Whitney to go for Connor – he’s fit. Janine crushes up more pills to give Ryan. Janine asks Billy to fix her front door and shows him Ryan – insisting he’s ill and contagious and everyone should stay away. She persuades Whitney not to visit. Julie notices Stacey looking at her phone and asks if her boyfriend hasn’t called? Stacey insists she hasn’t got one. Janine agrees to cover Ryan’s shift at the Vic. Janine tries to wind up Stacey, it must be hard Lily not having a father, but Stacey counters, Lily does, Janine’s husband. Later, Janine crushes another pill for Ryan. Ryan’s delirious. Janine comforts Ryan, but is rocked when he says ‘I love you, Stacey’. Janine pours a huge dose of the drugs into a drink for Ryan and makes him swallow it. As Ryan’s condition deteriorates, Janine almost calls 999. Unable to cope, she leaves the house, Kat sees her and insists she come and cover Ryan’s shift. Stacey tells Kat she’s washing her hands of Ryan, but, after spending the day with Ronnie, decides to call him. Ryan desperately tries to get to the phone, but collapses on the floor. Later, Stacey bangs on the door of Ryan and Janine’s flat, and shouts for Ryan. Stacey’s about to give up, when Ryan staggers out the front door and collapses at her feet. Stacey takes Ryan in her arms as Janine arrives. Ronnie ropes Stacey into helping her shop for buggies. Over coffee Stacey reminds Ronnie how lucky she is. Ronnie gives Jack her blessing to go to Dubai

5555325449284154780.mp4
Pat is shocked to find Janine still in her flat, she said she’d leave last night. Janine thinks that if Ryan had told the police she would have been arrested. Janine leaves to find Ryan. Janine finds Ryan waiting at the flat. Ryan apologises and says he’ll always love her, gives her a goodbye kiss and leaves. Janine misinterprets it. Ryan goes to see Stacey, but she pretends she isn’t interested. Ryan leaves. Janine tells Pat that everything is fine with Ryan. Pat’s happy for her, at the Vic tonight they’ll rub Stacey’s nose in it. Ryan enters the Vic, and tells Stacey he’s finished with Janine. Pat walks in, what does Ryan think he’s doing? Ryan declares he’s in love with Stacey. Stacey tells Ryan she loves him, and kisses him. Janine stands in the doorway watching, devastated. Janine stands stunned, watching Ryan kiss Stacey. Lauren notices that Max is affected by Stacey and Ryan. Janine quietly slips away in a daze. Ricky and Pat lead her back to Pat’s house. Janine breaks out of her comatose state, she’s going home. Lauren asks Max if he still cares about Stacey. Max tells Lauren that he’s upset that Stacey moved on so quickly from Bradley, and promises he won’t see her again. Max goes to see Stacey in the Vic, and accuses her of using him and Bradley to protect herself. Lauren spots Max with Stacey through the window. Lauren visits Janine and gives her the mobile phone, just play it. Janine plays the recording and hears Stacey confess, she killed Archie Mitchell. Ryan and Stacey apologise to the Slater’s for sneaking around. Ryan asks Stacey if she really meant it when she said she loved him. Stacey reassures him, she meant every word. Jean is initially worried but when Ryan tells her how much her loves Stacey, she softens towards him. Janine's last desperate stand to expose Stacey doesn't quite go according to plan. Janine leaves Ryan a message, he’s got until lunchtime then she’s telling the police everything. Max reassures a panicking Stacey that Janine has no evidence. Janine corners Lauren, Max steps in. Throughout Christmas dinner, Jean watches Stacey closely. Afterwards Jean questions Stacey. Distraught, Stacey eventually confesses that she did kill Archie. Jean takes Lily to the Vic, she doesn’t feel safe leaving her with Stacey. Ryan tells Janine he doesn’t love her. Desperate, Janine clings to his leg, but he shakes her off and leaves. Ryan finds Stacey and insists they need to leave now, he doesn’t care that she killed Archie. Stacey’s unsure, but Ryan sets off to find a car. Janine arrives. Everything she says to Stacey is calculated to increase her feelings of guilt about Bradley’s death, suggesting it should have been Stacey on the roof. When Stacey tries to leave, Janine grabs a knife, holds it in Stacey’s hand then stabs herself. Horrified, hands covered in blood, Stacey walks out of the house, passing Jean in the hallway. Max follows Stacey as she climbs up onto the Vic roof. Stacey looks down at the Square. Max manages to convince Stacey not to jump. Stacey moves to take Max’s hand but slips, Max pulls her to safety. Max tells Stacey to stay put, he’ll get his car and get Stacey away from the Square. At Janine’s insistence, Jean phones Ryan. Janine leaves the Slaters, determined to stop Stacey and Ryan leaving. She staggers into the pub and tells everyone Stacey tried to kill her. Stacey returns home and finds Jean with Lily. Stacey manages to convince Jean she didn’t hurt Janine. Jean panics, the police are coming! Ryan returns, insisting they have go now, but Stacey stops him - she’s not sure if she loves him. Upset, Ryan says goodbye to Lily and hands her to Stacey. Tearful, Stacey and Jean say goodbye. Ronnie and Roxy stop Stacey. Stacey tells them she did kill Archie. Roxy’s furious, but Ronnie holds her back and tells Stacey to go. Max and Stacey drive away. Janine staggers out of the Vic as the police arrive. She tells them Stacey Slater tried to kill her. Janine appeals to Ryan but he ignores her. Max and Stacey arrive at the airport. Max admits he still loves Stacey and suggests he comes with her. They kiss but Stacey quickly pulls away. They part, Max drives home to the Square as Stacey and Lily sit on a plane, looking out at the lights of London as they fly to safety. Over Christmas Dinner, Shirley tells Roxy that Janine accused Stacey of killing Archie. Lauren’s upset, it’s all her fault! Roxy’s aghast when Ronnie allows Stacey to leave with Max. After Ronnie’s visit, Tanya concludes Max is still having an affair with Stacey. Whitney invites Ryan to stay for Christmas Dinner. Janine recovers from the dramatic events of Christmas Day while the Square deals with the fallout from Stacey's departure

5555360238519252381.mp4
Pat is shocked to find Janine still in her flat, she said she’d leave last night. Janine thinks that if Ryan had told the police she would have been arrested. Janine leaves to find Ryan. Janine finds Ryan waiting at the flat. Ryan apologises and says he’ll always love her, gives her a goodbye kiss and leaves. Janine misinterprets it. Ryan goes to see Stacey, but she pretends she isn’t interested. Ryan leaves. Janine tells Pat that everything is fine with Ryan. Pat’s happy for her, at the Vic tonight they’ll rub Stacey’s nose in it. Ryan enters the Vic, and tells Stacey he’s finished with Janine. Pat walks in, what does Ryan think he’s doing? Ryan declares he’s in love with Stacey. Stacey tells Ryan she loves him, and kisses him. Janine stands in the doorway watching, devastated. Janine stands stunned, watching Ryan kiss Stacey. Lauren notices that Max is affected by Stacey and Ryan. Janine quietly slips away in a daze. Ricky and Pat lead her back to Pat’s house. Janine breaks out of her comatose state, she’s going home. Lauren asks Max if he still cares about Stacey. Max tells Lauren that he’s upset that Stacey moved on so quickly from Bradley, and promises he won’t see her again. Max goes to see Stacey in the Vic, and accuses her of using him and Bradley to protect herself. Lauren spots Max with Stacey through the window. Lauren visits Janine and gives her the mobile phone, just play it. Janine plays the recording and hears Stacey confess, she killed Archie Mitchell. Ryan and Stacey apologise to the Slater’s for sneaking around. Ryan asks Stacey if she really meant it when she said she loved him. Stacey reassures him, she meant every word. Jean is initially worried but when Ryan tells her how much her loves Stacey, she softens towards him. Janine's last desperate stand to expose Stacey doesn't quite go according to plan. Janine leaves Ryan a message, he’s got until lunchtime then she’s telling the police everything. Max reassures a panicking Stacey that Janine has no evidence. Janine corners Lauren, Max steps in. Throughout Christmas dinner, Jean watches Stacey closely. Afterwards Jean questions Stacey. Distraught, Stacey eventually confesses that she did kill Archie. Jean takes Lily to the Vic, she doesn’t feel safe leaving her with Stacey. Ryan tells Janine he doesn’t love her. Desperate, Janine clings to his leg, but he shakes her off and leaves. Ryan finds Stacey and insists they need to leave now, he doesn’t care that she killed Archie. Stacey’s unsure, but Ryan sets off to find a car. Janine arrives. Everything she says to Stacey is calculated to increase her feelings of guilt about Bradley’s death, suggesting it should have been Stacey on the roof. When Stacey tries to leave, Janine grabs a knife, holds it in Stacey’s hand then stabs herself. Horrified, hands covered in blood, Stacey walks out of the house, passing Jean in the hallway. Max follows Stacey as she climbs up onto the Vic roof. Stacey looks down at the Square. Max manages to convince Stacey not to jump. Stacey moves to take Max’s hand but slips, Max pulls her to safety. Max tells Stacey to stay put, he’ll get his car and get Stacey away from the Square. At Janine’s insistence, Jean phones Ryan. Janine leaves the Slaters, determined to stop Stacey and Ryan leaving. She staggers into the pub and tells everyone Stacey tried to kill her. Stacey returns home and finds Jean with Lily. Stacey manages to convince Jean she didn’t hurt Janine. Jean panics, the police are coming! Ryan returns, insisting they have go now, but Stacey stops him - she’s not sure if she loves him. Upset, Ryan says goodbye to Lily and hands her to Stacey. Tearful, Stacey and Jean say goodbye. Ronnie and Roxy stop Stacey. Stacey tells them she did kill Archie. Roxy’s furious, but Ronnie holds her back and tells Stacey to go. Max and Stacey drive away. Janine staggers out of the Vic as the police arrive. She tells them Stacey Slater tried to kill her. Janine appeals to Ryan but he ignores her. Max and Stacey arrive at the airport. Max admits he still loves Stacey and suggests he comes with her. They kiss but Stacey quickly pulls away. They part, Max drives home to the Square as Stacey and Lily sit on a plane, looking out at the lights of London as they fly to safety. Over Christmas Dinner, Shirley tells Roxy that Janine accused Stacey of killing Archie. Lauren’s upset, it’s all her fault! Roxy’s aghast when Ronnie allows Stacey to leave with Max. After Ronnie’s visit, Tanya concludes Max is still having an affair with Stacey. Whitney invites Ryan to stay for Christmas Dinner. Janine recovers from the dramatic events of Christmas Day while the Square deals with the fallout from Stacey's departure

